DAY-1

1.write a program to print the result of 2+2 using all the printing statments and using all types of JS.
2.write a program to print ur name and age using all the printing statments.
3.write a program to grit a user using all the printing statments.
4.wirt the difference between inline internal and external js.
5.explaine the use of doc.write, console.log.
6.write the difference between syncronous and single thread.
7.write the defferences between js, java, and pythoon.
8.write the differences between inner html and inner text.

Research Quations:
1. explain the following terminologies
i. declaration
ii.redeclaration
iii.intialisation
iv.assignment
v.scope
2.what is hoisting in JS.

DAY-2
1.write the differences between var, let and constant.
2. write the differences between block, global, module and function scope.
3.write the differences between premitive and non-premitive data types.
4. what are identifiers and explain the rules for identifiers.

DAY-3
1. differences between parseInt and float.
2.what is TDZ.
3.differences betwwen mutable and immutable.
4.what is type converstion and different ways.
5.defference between null and undefined.

DAY-4
1.differences between the following:
  i.math.floor,ceil,random,round
2.explain arthamatic operators in JS with examples
3.write the differences betweendivision and modular division operators
4.calculate the total of following numbers using division and modular division
   i.121
   ii.135
   iii.1234
5.explain the differences between increment and decrement 

DAY-5
1.write the differences between else-if lader and switch case
2.write the differences between rest and spread operator.
3.write the differences between default and rest parameters.
4.expalin the use of return statment in fn.

Research:
expalin the difference between arrow fns and named fns

DAy-6
1.WTDB named fn and arrow fn
2.explain this keyword in JS
Research
3.explain strict mood in JS
4.expalin call, apply, and bind methods
5.WTDB anonomuse fn and fn expression and arrow fn
6.explain IiFE

Day-7
1.ETDB while and for loop
2.ETDB do-while and while
3.ETDB for-in and for-of
4.Explain the followin no.
  i.natural no.
  ii.whole no.
  iii.-ve no.
  iv.strong no.
  v.amstrom no.
  vi.arsth no.
  vii.perfect no.